Workflow example review (#19004)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: src/content/docs/workflows/examples/backup-d1.mdx

import { TabItem, Tabs } from "~/components"

In this example, we implement a Workflow periodically triggered by a [Cron Trigger](/workers/configuration/cron-triggers). That Workflow initiates a backup for a D1 database using the REST API, and then stores the SQL dump in an [R2](/r2) bucket.

When the Workflow is triggered, it fetches the REST API to initiate an export job for a specific database. Then it fetches the same endpoint to check if the backup job is ready and the SQL dump is available to download.

> As shown in this example, Workflows handles both the responses and failures, so the developer does not have to. Workflows retries the API calls until it gets a successful response, retries fetching the backup from the URL provided, and then retries saving the file to [R2](/r2). The workflow can run until the backup file is ready, handling all of the possible conditions until it is completed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As shown in this example, Workflows handles both the responses and failures, thereby removing the burden from the developer. Workflows retries the following steps:

- API calls until it gets a successful response
- Fetching the backup from the URL provided
- Saving the file to [R2](/r2)

The Workflow can run until the backup file is ready, handling all of the possible conditions until it is completed.
```

Author: @JoaquinGimenez1 Ok with you?
